template script name init command (#1481)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated the **find-dependencies** command to support generic modules, definitions, fields and types.
* Fixed an issue where **openapi-codegen** tried to extract reference example outputs, leading to an exception.
* Added a tool that gives the ability to temporarily suppress console output.

> * Enhanced the **init** command with changing the script template name in the code with the real script name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **init** command will now change the script template name in the code to the given script name.
```
also, move this to the correct location in the changelog
